We have four Excecutables :

1. ./freqTable:  [Count Frequency] My first program reads the WarPeace.txt file (via stdin redirection) and counts instances of letters (converted to lower case).  It outputs a frequency table that I store in a textfile.  I wrote this program in python since python does string processing easier.  

2. ./createTree: [Create Tree/Codes] My second program is the hardest one.  This one reads the frequency table and uses my BinaryTree class along with the STL priority queue to build the tree.   I then parse the tree and print out the code vectors for each letter.   I save this in a second text file.  I wrote this program in c++. 

3. ./encode [Encode Message] My third program reads the code vectors from the text file.  It then reads some block of text (from stdin) and translates the block of text into a code.   I do this line by line and preserve the line breaks in my code file.   I also wrote this program in python.  You do not need your BinaryTree to do this operation.  It can be done just with the table of code vectors so it is a relatively short and simple program. 

4. ./decode: [Decode Message] My fourth program re-creates the BinaryTree.  I do this by reading in the code vector file and creating the tree using the indicated left and right branches from the 1 and 0.  I would prefer you do it this way instead of recreating the BinaryTree by using frequency tables again.   This program is written in c++.   It then reads (from stdin) an encoded file.  It uses the BinaryTree to parse the code vectors and translate them back into plain text.  It prints out the plain text (which will not have punctuation or spacing).  